Top 1:
Generated text: ['I used to go to my doctor regularly. In general, doctors try to keep up with the latest information, education and training and are well-informed about health-related issues. I am confident when I see my doctor that she is educating me about my health options in a non-paternalistic way and helping me to make informed decisions. ']
Most similar human text: I am very confident in my abilities to help myself and to help others. I have no issue standing up to medical professionals and advocating for myself and others. I research things quite a bit on my own. She is open to new studies and information. She listens to me. She stays on top of new information as much as she can herself. She will consult with others. I hate small talk with people I don't know that well. Hate answering the same questions over and over, especially ones I don't think are their business or that I know how they are going to respond and I also know I am not going to change my behavior. I can tell the doctors the side effects of many antibiotics and what drugs you shouldn't take with them. I know drugs in clinical trials that the doctors don't know about. I am the mother of two children with serious health conditions. This is a huge part of my life. I run a support group for others dealing with the same things. 
Similarity: 0.9230


Top 2:
Generated text: ["In 2020, my daughter developed what was finally diagnosed as spinal stenosis. The first time the doctor said it, I thought I heard him wrong - I never heard those two words before. The more I listened to him, I figured that the first half of his diagnosis was the end result of what I was saying in the second half. Through my daughter's ten-year dance career I became accustomed to hearing what types of injuries/damage dancers can develop that could limit their careers. As the doctor explained my daughter's condition, he kept mentioning things I had heard from differnt ballet teachers over the years. Because of that, I could align what the doctor was saying with the risks associated with intense dancing."]
Most similar human text: I feel that I am very capable of processing the information and making informed decisions.  However, I find that I often forget to ask pertinent questions that I later think of at home.  I may also do some more research at home and find that I have more questions.  There have also been times where my doctor was unable to provide me with a satisfactory answer to my questions.I've worked in healthcare (previously) for over 15 years, and have had first-hand experience with many doctors.  I've seen a side of doctors that patients don't see, and some of these interactions have fostered a lack of trust.  I've had experiences where I've gone to see a new doctor and they've had a prescription written for me before I even spoke to them.  I've seen my husband prescribed contraindicated medications that caused an adverse reaction that even I knew shouldn't be taken together.  But, alternatively, I've had some doctors who treated me well who I've really trusted.  I've known other doctors to go out of their way to cater to their patient's needs/fears/wishes.My biggest fear is that I will receive news contrary to what I'm hoping for.  This doesn't have to be life-threatening, it could be as simple as finding out that a treatment must go on loner than anticipated.  Second to that is anxiety about not remembering to ask the right things or explain myself and my symptoms or condition fully, and then being misdiagnosed or wasting my time and money.My grandfather went to the urologist and had a PSA blood test done.  I knew from his results, being over 3.0, that this meant he would likely need a biopsy to test for prostate cancer.  I also knew that these tests could produce higher than normal levels if the patient has an enlarged prostate.  I asked to see his former results.  They were up and down a lot, which is typically a sign that there is NOT prostate cancer, but instead, an enlarged prostate.  I also knew that an enlarged prostate could be due to prostatitis, an infection of the prostate.  Sure enough, he went back to the doctor to follow up, and turned out to have a prostate infection.
Similarity: 0.9201


Top 3:
Generated text: ['I think I have an above average understanding of the medical information. I fully understand most information that is given to me. I try to research and do as much as I can to understand everything about whether it be a medication, medical condition, or treatments. I have the internet at my disposal and even friend who is a doctor, so I have the resources to be informed. ']
Most similar human text: I am very confident in my abilities to help myself and to help others. I have no issue standing up to medical professionals and advocating for myself and others. I research things quite a bit on my own. She is open to new studies and information. She listens to me. She stays on top of new information as much as she can herself. She will consult with others. I hate small talk with people I don't know that well. Hate answering the same questions over and over, especially ones I don't think are their business or that I know how they are going to respond and I also know I am not going to change my behavior. I can tell the doctors the side effects of many antibiotics and what drugs you shouldn't take with them. I know drugs in clinical trials that the doctors don't know about. I am the mother of two children with serious health conditions. This is a huge part of my life. I run a support group for others dealing with the same things. 
Similarity: 0.9177


